Today's episode is sponsored by
Datadog a cloud scale monitoring
platform that unifies metrics, traces
logs, and more in a
single pane of glass automatically
alert on performance anomalies, easily
build custom dashboards and collaborate
to resolve issues in real
time. Try Datadog for yourself
with a free 14 day
trial Hansel minutes. Listeners will
also receive a free t-shirt
visit bitly.com/datadog shirt. That's BI
T L y.com/datadog shirt to
get started. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is Hansel
minutes today. I'm talking with
Kelly mains. She's senior director
of product roadblocks. She's got
an MBA from Stanford. How
are you? I'm doing great,
Scott. It's great to talk
with you. I'm excited to
talk to you, but more
importantly, the little people in
my house are excited that
I'm talking to you because
this is a roadblocks house.
And my, my 11 year
old and my 13 year
old are obsessed and in
a world of Minecraft and
Fortnite and the internet itself,
roadblocks has been a kind
of a staple in our
house for years. Can you
maybe for people who aren't
familiar with it, you can
give us a little sense
of what roadblocks is and
why it has such stain
power. Sure. We are a
community generated game site. That
means when you come to
roadblocks, you can explore lots
of different games that were
actually created by our community.
That's kids in high school,
kids in college kids, you
know, some as young as
middle school or elementary school,
we have a ways where
you can play with your
friends and connect with others
online, and you can even
build games together. So it's
a lot about exploring and
creating and playing together. Yeah,
the, I thought they were
playing like a game, but
they enter roadblocks. They find
games within it from the
community of games. And then
all think that they're doing
one thing. Like I thought
they were playing cops and
robbers and then another day
they were playing another game.
Yup. We got cops and
robbers, various variations of that.
We have superhero games. We
have work at a pizza
place is quite popular. You
can get a team together
and run a pizza shop
together. We have a lot
of high school simulation games,
so you can go to
high school and be a
teacher or a student, have
a family be a part
of a gymnastics team. A
lot of cool things that
you can explore really quickly
in a digital space that
you can also explore in
real life, but maybe can
do it a little bit
faster and a little bit
more creatively online. One of
the things that I think
is notable about roadblocks is
that some game makers and
game construction, things have a
kind of limitations where it's
like, we're a game where
you shoot people and here's
a thousand ways that you
could come up with different
ways to shoot people. But
you just expressed a diversity
of things that one can
do from cops and robbers
on the, on the one
side or the high school
simulator. Are there any limitations
to what one could model
within the application? We've found
it very few. So it's
mostly 3d. Although you can
do two D games, it's
mostly multiplayer. Although you can
do single player games, we
do have a limit on
the number of players that
can be together, sort of
a technological limit, but we're
trying to increase that as
much as possible so that
you can have expansive vast
worlds with hundreds or someday
even thousands of people playing
in the same space. So
that sounds like no limit
to me. I mean like
it is for now limits.
Yeah. The aim is no
limits, I think is really
exciting. You know, this is
evocative of like early social
gaming online. Like I remember
second life, which was you
enter a space and then
you decide what you want
to do with that space.
Yeah. We take a lot
of inspiration from a lot
of the worlds that have
come before. A lot of
people have tried to go
after this idea of the
metaverse and you even see
it in books like a
ready player one or I
think snow crash is one
of the books that inspired
second life. And there's this
been this collective idea of
a digital space where you
have a strong, real, authentic,
but digital identity where you
can explore worlds and really
connect with people across space
and time. Almost you can
visit the pyramids. You can
have a friend who's in
China and this is the
same concepts that's inspiring roadblocks
and several other companies today.
But we have a very
strong vision of being able
to create this digital metaverse
and bring people together in
it. One of the things
that was interesting about second
life and worlds before it
was, they really intended those
things for older teens, but
I see really young kids
on roadblocks. And I remember
that my, my kids were,
were young. What do you,
when do you think is
an appropriate time to introduce
a young person to an
online world in a safe
way? Oh, that's a great
question. As a parent, I
really think it's somewhat individual
in terms of like how
your kid can handle social
relationships and you know, how
much attention you're willing to
give them and what guidance
you're willing to give them
on roadblocks. We definitely make
a lot of effort to
make our community safe for
kids. We do very strict
moderation of content, as well
as moderating the things that
people say to each other.
We have a real time
text filter that will take
out bad words or anything
that we deem unsafe, even
things that are kind of
considered bullying or flirty content
that might be okay or
playful for an older population
that really aren't okay and
safe for younger kids. So
we do a lot of
moderation on our side to
make sure that our communities
safe for all. And as
a parent, you know, I
think digital citizenship is something
that I want to teach
my kids and that I
think in this day and
age, we all should be
teaching our kids. It's inevitable
that they will have social
interactions online at some age
and at some age it
will be independent of you.
And so we're, we're quite
aware of trying to teach
good behavior and good habits
to our population. It's a
tough thing. And it's really
an unsolved problem in the
industry. Like you said, most
of the products out there
and the ones that have
come before are aimed at
adults who are considered to
have, you know, good judgment,
whether that's true or not
in real life. That's how
software has basically been built
so far. So there's not
a lot of state-of-the-art help
for people to have good
behavior online. Yeah. And it's
hard to also express like
what his behavior like. I,
my, my, my 13 year
old was quite upset because
someone jumped into his Minecraft
world and took some of
his stuff. And that's, you
know, that's just like going
to school. People are going
to be mean to you.
I can't no, no, no.
AI can say, Hey, knock
that off. But I was
impressed if you go to
roadblocks.com and look at the
section slash parents, you do
everything from, you know, look
at the clothing of the
avatars to make sure that
it's appropriate. There's an extensive
reporting system. It feels like
there's more parental controls and
chat filters than in most,
any other similar environment. That's
right. We are, we do
consider ourselves to be pushing
the state of the art.
And in terms of safety
and digital civility, we also
ideally get people to learn
how to resolve their own
conflicts. So, you know, one
really touching example that I
found from talking to some
roadblocks players and parents that
came through to visit our
offices was a girl was
being bullied on roadblocks by
somebody that she knew. And
her mom was able to
use that as a teaching
experience to bring the girls
together and talk about how
their words impacted each other.
And they were actually on
the tour together, rebuilding their
friendship. And that's the kind
of thing that I would
love to make happen more
often and more seamlessly. Would
you say digital, digital citizenship,
All civility, digital citizenship. Those
were really excellent ways to
phrase what we're trying to
express. Sure. Yeah. We're, you
know, in a large virtual
world, we're seeing society define
itself. Digital society is, is
building on roadblocks and people
have different kind of roles
and different ways of interacting
online than you do in
real life. And we want
to make it as healthy
and supportive as possible. What
kind of lessons though, can
you learn from the, the
worlds that came before you,
like we talked about, talked
about second life, let's go
even further, like know muds
or BBS multiuser as soon
as the computers became network,
they became social. Yeah. I
think A few lessons that
I look at kind of
contrasting various products that went
before. One is that you
need something to do. I
mean, one of the big
challenges with second life that
maybe wasn't present as much
in muds or, or kind
of traditional games like world
of Warcraft is that you
showed up in second life.
There's very little to do.
And so on roadblocks, there
are games, right? There's a
there's monsters to kill or
places to explore or levels
to level up or things
to craft. So having something
to do together is really,
really important. Another thing is
around and on naitivity. So,
and you can see this
in a lot of the
online forums, as well as
places like Facebook, when people
are anonymous, sometimes it actually
brings out the worst behavior,
but it also can let
you express sides of yourself
that are really valuable and
authentic. And maybe you might
be afraid to say in
real life. So we're trying
to strike that balance where
you can be anonymous yet
also safe. And so that's
one of the reasons we
invest a lot in like
forming friend connections, where you're
more likely to be anonymous
in a positive way. And
also our moderation systems that
really help keep the public
areas very safe. That's a
really good point because a
lot of people believe that
anonymity online is an opportunity
to be mean and not
an opportunity to be kind
that's right. One of the
other things that I was
very impressed about because certainly
my little boys do not
have high end devices by
any means. They, you know,
I think one of them
has an iPhone six, but
your, your engine for roadblocks
goes even farther, like to
the simplest of devices, but
it also looks amazing on
my high end PC. Yeah.
We have a single platform
strategy where we want to
run on all devices that
goes from your X-Box and
all the way down to
phones. Also tablets, computers. We
definitely want to be accessible
and make sure that our
community is a welcoming place
for everybody. No matter what
country you're in, no matter
how fancy your hardware is,
you're welcome here. And we
want you to be part
of our community and we
want the games to be
fun and look good. So
in this case, you're bringing
inclusion all the way out
to device inclusion, because we
don't know what network they're
on or what device they're
on. They might be on
an old Android or an
old iPhone. Yeah. I mean,
we see a lot of
kids using maybe their parent's
device or a hammy down
device from their parents. So
our audience is not always
on the biggest fanciest machines.
You know, I was looking
around to see some of
the most creative examples of,
of games on roadblocks. And
I found one that I'm
not even sure if it's
real or not, but I
find this hilarious. It's an
article called how to pass
an interview on roadblocks. And
it makes me wonder, it's
got this wonderful little suit
person and it says, be
polite and show up on
time, look professional. And it's
got a little roadblocks person
in a suit I'm trying
to understand. Are people hosting
actual job interviews here? Or
is this a game that's
Funny? I haven't seen that
one. My guess would be
it's a game I haven't
heard of people hosting actual
job interviews on roadblocks. Although
our community of developers are
starting to create indie studios.
Essentially we're seeing teams of
five, or even up to
15 or 20 people working
together. That includes artists game
designers, software developers, and they
might be recruiting people on
roadblocks, Which just gets to
the point of it could
do anything, right. This is
a shared space. And within
the limits of the technology,
if certainly if someone wanted
to have an interview on
roadblocks, I don't see any
reason that they couldn't do
that for sure. Do people
speak to each other? Is
this, are you preventing? Like,
it seems like there's a
lot that my kids have
tried to say. And the
chat filter has prevented them
from saying, but you do
keep people off microphones. Right?
That's right. We have text
chat currently. We don't currently
have voice chat. Is that
a conscious thing? Or is
that like a limit of
technology? Like, it seems to
me like I was on
Xbox live very, very long
time ago. And frankly it's
been years since I turned
text chat on for anyone.
Who's not a friend because
I just don't trust people
to be kind. Yeah, that's
a, it's a priority so
far. I would say it's
something that we might consider
in the future, but it
really hasn't been a priority.
Our priority is helping people
have safe conversations and play
with their friends in productive
ways. Hey, friends, backlog is
an all in one project
and code management tool development
teams have been waiting for
with project management, bug tracking
wikis and get rolled into
one easy to use platform.
Backlog provides the powerful features
that development teams need under
a clean UI that anyone
can use. You can easily
onboard your whole team and
start working on tasks in
minutes, additional features like Gantt
and burdened down charts, make
it easy to manage projects.
Mobile apps. Keep your team
connected in simple pricing scales
with you. So you can
stop worrying about per user
charges. Build your next project
with backlog. Get a 30
day obligation free trial at
backlog.com/hansel minutes. That's BAC K
L O g.com/hansel minutes. There's
a huge amount of other
websites around roadblocks. Like you
were mentioning that indie game
developers have found it as
an engine, and I'm seeing
tons of articles on designing
avatar clothing. There's Twitch channels
that aren't even dedicated on
how to play roadblocks. It's
all about building. It seems
like you're trying to shift
people from simple consumption where
they just mindlessly play a
game to really encouraging them
to create That's true. Well,
since we're our platform relies
on creators and a lot
of our creators start out
as players. So we've had
a longterm focus on making
sure that we're inspiring people
to create on our platform
and making easy tools for
them. Essentially, roadblocks offers as
many tools that you need
to get your game to
a worldwide audience. We have
a development studio, we do
distribution. So we can put
your games in front of
the right players. We allow
you to monetize your game
through end game purchases, and
we're even adding tools to
allow internationalization so free translation
tools as well as compliance
tools to be able to
sell your game in a
lot of different countries. Interesting.
So it's, it's not quite
an app store, but it
feels like an app store.
Really. It's an engine for
creation. Yeah. It's definitely an
engine for creation, a full
stack distribution. And I'm noticing
that the developer section of
roadblocks has really jumped in
the last couple of years.
If you go to developer.roadblocks.com,
you can go to the
sophistication level of as high
as you want. Like I've
got my 11 year old
playing around in roadblock studio,
but I also see like
here's a German developer. That's
built their whole career on
top of roadblocks. There's a,
there's a developer conference now.
So, you know, grown people
can make and make stuff
on roadblocks and experience roadblocks
as well. Yes. Yes. It's
not just for kid. In
fact, we're seeing almost half
of our players are over
13, so we're definitely seeing
a lot of teenage players,
even college age players and
grownup players start to enjoy
the content on roadblocks. And
another cool thing is as
our developer community widens, we're
seeing more diverse types of
people creating experiences, which is
also pretty exciting. We have
international developers that are very
successful. Now. We've got a
lot of female teams that
are developing games and it's
really, really cool to see
everybody being able to have
a voice on the platform
and share their imagination. So
what do you think is
a risk though? Like you've
got this, this, this car
that's barreling down the, the,
the freeway here and it's
dramatically successful, but now you
have a growing, I was
going to say aging, but
the correct word, growing a
user base of, of folks
that are building around this,
how do you make sure
that it's still going to
be accessible to the, to
the, to the tweens? Well,
one way is widening the
types of things you can
create. And this is one
area that's really cool in
the past year. We've enabled
people to start creating avatar
items, which are a lot
less complicated than a whole
game. So you can create
a cool hat or a
cool hairstyle and start to
sell that, which is possibly
a little lower barrier to
entry than a full fledged
game. So the more stepping
stones like that we have,
where you can create a,
an avatar item, you can
create a S a hangout
space. You can create a
full fledged game. The more
we'll be able to tap
into people at various skill
levels. That's a really good
point. And I'm here in
roadblocks studios right now. And
certainly you can start in
a Tron like virtual world,
nothing with a base plate,
but it's actually, it's kind
of cool. The templates scale,
like the game scale. So
it's like, alright, here's some
grass go nuts, or here's
a castle, or let's just
start with, you know, destroy
this, create and destroy this
whole town. And my 11
year old is certainly differently,
sophisticated than my 13 year
old. And they've been able
to go and create infinite
runners or, or just wandering
around like Zelda type games.
It's interesting. The idea that
they could monetize though. I,
I'm not sure what I
feel like about that. I
suppose they could even make
t-shirts for their, for their
school and they could have
their peer group be in
there. Yeah, you can, you
can sell to you. I
can sell virtual t-shirts on
roadblocks and almost anybody can
do that. So you're creating
an economy. What are the,
the Robux? Is this like,
is this real money? How
are you, how does that
translate? Is there a currency
conversion? Yeah, there's a currency
conversion. You buy Robux from
Roblox or with a gift
card or something like that.
And when a developer or
creator sells an item, they
earn Robux and they can
cash that out for real
money. You have to earn
a certain amount before you're
allowed to cash out. You
can't cash out like 50 cents,
but we do have a
lot of people that are
earning money and cashing out
Robux every month. In fact,
the top developers can make
millions of dollars every month,
Really amazing. And to be
clear, as we said, when
inclusion means every platform, like
when I'm here in roadblock
studio and I'm moving around
inside of create and destroy,
I can publish this and
it will work on a
low end iPhone, and it
will work on a full
PC. Yeah. You can publish
a game to Xbox in
minutes. That is really interesting
because, you know, being able
to go and publish a
game under the guise of
another publisher really opens up
something that would not be
opened up to, to my,
to my kids until they
were quite a bit older,
certainly to become a, an
iPhone developer or an Xbox
developer would be a nontrivial
amount of complexity for them
to be able to pull
off. Yep. And a lot
of times, you know, your
first game, you might just
want to share with some
friends or share with maybe
a community or forum. And
so we also give people
ways to see what their
friends are creating quickly, visit
that through your profile. I
really like that idea too,
because like, I know that
my 11 year old wants
to make a Twitch channel
and become the next Ninja.
I think all 11 year
olds do, which, which I
need to explain to them,
that's really not a career.
You know, it's actually hard
work. It is amazing. They
are disappointed when they can't
make a roadblocks game in
just five minutes. It's like,
well, you can't just republish
the existing template. My friend,
you know, I'd like you
to put some amount of
effort into the thing I'm
looking here. You've got animation
packs as well. So they
could spend their money to
jumpstart their game by including
different items within the game.
And then republishing that, sharing
it with friends and they
don't have to publish it
publicly. Right. They can just
share with their peer group.
I think most games are
publicly available. It's much easier
to discover games from your
friends. Oh, I see. So
if you know what to
look for, you can find
anyone's game. But the idea
would be that if your
friends games are front and
center yeah. Is it true
that there are millions of
games or is that just
marketing hype? There are millions
of games because millions of
people have done probably the
first steps, which is opening
up that base plate and,
and doing a couple of
things on publishing them. We
have probably hundreds of thousands
of games that people have
put in several, you know,
like many hours to build.
So yes, millions of games,
but a lot of them
are, are very basic and
hundreds of thousands of games
that involve a lot of
thought and effort. Right. Right.
Exactly. As we say, long
tail is long. Yes. But
there is a huge amount
of games. Like there are
easily visually thousands and thousands
of games of high quality
and high quality by saying
they, you know, I think
a good example of quality
on roadblocks is the effort
that one puts into the,
the tile that represents the
game, the icon that reports
the game. That's true. You
know, if they, if they
went and they drew a
tile, then they put some,
they put some work into
these games, Right. I've probably
made three or four games
myself, but I haven't made
an actual tile. That's the
telling you all the good
tips on how to be.
It's so interesting though. There's
like games, I've got, you
got saber simulators. So like
let's burn things with a
saber. And like let's adopt
a piece of furniture is
like apparently extremely popular right
now. It's such a diversity
of, of games. This reminds
me a little bit kind
of, of the, we hear
about like the deep web,
right? Not the dark web,
the deep web, it's the
web that you can't Google,
where once you enter roadblocks
within there, there are millions
of things, but it would
be difficult to determine without
actually entering roadblocks. How big
this thing is. It's I
feel like when I entered,
I've discovered the, this huge
iceberg of stuff that was
not easily searchable without limitless
world feeling. Yeah. Am I
to understand that it also
has a virtual reality component?
Yes. We have designed roadblocks
and built roadblocks to be
available in VR. It's not
a giant platform for us,
so we're not doing a
ton there, but all the
experiences work in VR, you
can put on a headset
and go around the pizza
place or the cops and
robbers game and it works
and it's all 3d natively.
So it's essentially built for
VR. We just haven't seen
a ton of customers actually
using that yet. Yeah, it
does definitely seem like VR
is in an unusual place
right now. And that roadblocks
would be well-positioned if it
ever does pop, if we
can take a phone and
put it on our eyes
very easily, the potential is,
is, is huge. But even
my children have not expressed
a huge amount of in
VR. It just makes them
nauseous. But again, one of
the cool things that we're
building is a platform that
literally runs everywhere on every
device available. And so we
spend a lot of time,
you know, building the technology
to make that possible and
make it easy. And so
we're going to support VR
hardware along with all the
other hardware that's out there
that people play games on.
Right. And being able to
support anything, not just any
device, but any, any kind
of concept you can also,
I suppose, build a curriculum
around this from schools or
schools, building economic curriculums about
how to, you know, trade
items, how to, how, how
this currency conversion works. Have
you seen pickup in schools?
I would love to see
an economic curriculum. That's awesome.
We've seen coding. So software
pickup. So roadblocks is a
great platform to learn coding.
Our, our games are all
built and scripted in Lua,
which is a really good
beginner language. And it's interesting
because we're in, in fact
building our entire application platform
on Lewis as well, we're
building on the exact same
tools that the game developers
use. So the roadblock studio
is built in Lewa and
our mobile app and Xbox
app are built in Lua
as well. This is making
us really invest in really
robust tools for development in
this language. It's a really
interesting problem because it's not
typically a language that big
tech companies use. And so
we're really able to invent
the exact tools that we
need to solve the exact
problems that we're facing. It's
a pretty exciting and pretty
bold direction for the company
to go. Yeah. I think
that there's a lot of
excitement around Lua in gaming
right now. I had some
folks on recently from the
Pico eight tiny, tiny, tiny
game development in Lewa as
well. And there seems to
be a bit of a
Lua Renaissance happening. Cause it's
such an accessible language. It's
almost like it's almost like
the basic of the eighties
except it's 2019 and people
find it to be extremely
accessible. Yeah. And it's, it's
also nice because you don't
need to compile so you
can sort of immediately see
the fruits of your labor.
Yeah. And I'm looking if
we go to again to
developer.roadblocks.com right off the bat,
there's a section here on
the roadblocks client server model.
So you're able to go
and write this Lua and
express what you need to
express in the client and
on the server. And a
lot of the remoting is
just, is just handled for
you very, very nicely. And
the kids only have to
learn the one language and
they are now suddenly distributed
globally distributed client server developers.
Yeah. It's pretty cool. Yeah.
And then when they create
their, again, you put it
out at scale when they
create their sound, their music
and their graphics, you're handling
the optimization to make sure
that their stuff looks great
everywhere. And even though there
are sections on game performance,
I'm not seeing it. A
lot of the tutorials, examples
on how to make it
look great everywhere roadblocks, the
engine just takes care of
that. That's right. We, we
do things like, you know,
downloading the games in a
very smart way. We do
things like rendering the graphics
at different levels of detail
so that it performs well.
We do a lot of
the motion and animation and
physics. So we really spend
a lot of time building
out these systems and then
making it really easy for
the developers to access them.
What is something that has
happened on roadblocks or something
that was built where you
or someone went back to
the developers or, and said,
I did not know this
was possible. This is pushing
this, this thing we built
way further than we ever
planned for it to happen.
Well, I think we definitely
see that with the number
of people playing games. Some
of our top games now
have billions of plays. And
I think that's probably more
like, I think we would
have been very happy to
have roadblocks have billions in
plays at a certain point
in time. Then now it's
within our games. Our top
one has 8 billion, 8 billion in
a single game. And again,
long tail is long, but
the, the, the, the level
of enthusiasm and repeat visitors
is massive. Yeah. Yeah. I've
been noticing as well. Things
that I did not know
were going to be possible
because you pointed out that
is just largely a 3d
game. Although certainly it folks
have the other, the ability
to make two D games,
but there's also story games.
And there's a great section
called the creator challenge on
the developer.robot.com where we're effectively
doing like old fashion text
games except in a three
D environment where the person
runs up like to a
book and then interacts with
the book. I would not
have thought that would have
been possible because the first
game that I saw was
cops and robbers. Yeah. Another
interesting one, people have created
some real life locations. Like
somebody created a virtual version
of Disneyland that you can
run around. People have created
like just really cool, very
high fidelity scenes. There's a,
a bunch of games that
often use the word showcase
in their title. So if
you search for showcase on
roadblocks, you see some of
the people that are kind
of pushing the graphics kind
of to the max and
they have these really beautiful
immersive scenes of houses or
islands where you can explore
that have just really high
fidelity, beautifully crafted graphics. Yeah.
That's a really important thing
that if you're a parent
or if you're even not
a parent, you want to
play a fun game that
I admit that when I
saw the graphics and roadblocks,
I was dismissive. I thought,
though, this is cute. You
know, this is primitive, but
some of the things that
are happening are truly graphically
intensive and amazing. And it
does scale. I've got a
very high end gaming PC,
and I have a great
experience at 4k full screen
on a big machine, looking
at like running around the
roadblocks ultimate SIEM park, which
is a great example or
a complete model of studios.
And it, it does push
the machine and I don't
feel like you have to,
and don't be dismissive of
what might seem like simplistic
graphics. It is really extraordinary.
What do you think that
someone should do if they're
listening to this podcast and
maybe they've thought about other
creator type games and they're,
you know, we hear about
Minecraft, it's the big elephant
in the room. What is
the difference? How do you
differentiate roadblocks from something like
Minecraft or some of the
other big creator games? Roadblocks
makes it a little easier
to explore the worlds that
people have created since it's
all on one platform. Roadblocks
is also more social. In
my opinion, it's a little
bit easier to connect with
your friends and do things
together, including create together, which
is one of the most
exciting and fun things to
do on our platform. I
was going to say, it
feels like the, also the
ability to write the code
very quickly and then run
into the game and play
with it and then switch
back and forth. I see
that my kids have created
a lot of physical world
on, on Minecraft, but they
haven't actually done anything with
any interactivity. They haven't made
any, they haven't changed the
laws of physics. You know
what I mean? Yeah, yeah.
That's right. Yeah. Being able
to go into a game
and say, I want to
make a, you know, like
a lightsaber simulator or a
shooting game, or just walk
around a city. Well that
they enjoy Minecraft. And they
find it to be different,
very, very different from roadblocks.
They definitely, the kids understand
the difference to be able
to go and go into
a world, hanging out with
their friends and not necessarily
be limited by the, the
environment around Right. You get
to create your own environment.
So folks can go to
roadblocks.com. It's in every app
store it's on the windows
app store iOS, Google play.
What's the smallest tiniest requirement.
Like what was, I could
do this on an iPhone
four, I suppose, or anything
that I could find in
the app. Yeah. I think
it's I phone for, for
sure. Any PC about any
PC, any tablet, fire tablet.
Really? Yeah. Yeah. We are
not yet on PlayStation. We're
not yet on Nintendo or
on Xbox in terms of
consoles and someday we'd like
to be everywhere. Fantastic. Well,
I really appreciate you chatting
with me, Kelly amaze about
building, you know, you called
it digital civility and social
citizenship. Yeah. Thank you. It
was a fun chat. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week. .